Instructions: please use this template, if it seems appropriate. For example,
it only applies to bug reports, so if you are suggesting a new feature, you
should just delete all the contents of the template and write whatever you
would like to write.  If you have private data that are required for your
example, you may email them to the developers, who will pledge to not to share
them. Please delete this block and all italicized text, before submitting the
issue. Please use github-flavoured markdown in your text, if you want to
indicate code (enclose in back-ticks), to italicize text (enclose in
asterisks), to make lists, and so forth. There is a guide to this format on
this webpage.


### Short summary of problem

Replace this block with a few lines of text that describe the problem.  Please
write clearly and succinctly.  In many cases, it helps to say something like "I
expected X, but got Y" (see also the second paragraph of the Reproducible
Example block that is given below).

### How urgent is this?

Replace this block with an indication of how pressing this issue is is. Can you
wait a few days?

### Output from sessionInfo()

Replace this block with the output from calling `sessionInfo()`, so the `oce`
developers will know what sort of platform you are on, and what software you're
using. This information can be very valuable.

### Reproducible Example

If it is possible, please use the `reprex()` function from the `reprex` package
to provide a reproducible example. If you need non-private files that you
cannot upload to GitHub, please put them on a shared site and use
`download.file()` in your code, to save the developers the effort of
downloading the files. If you have private files, please send them to the `oce`
developers.

Whether you use `reprex()` or not, it can help greatly to use the `stopifnot()`
function to demonstrate incorrect values, if that is part of the problem you've
encountered.

